It started when I was in 6th grade I created an idea to create a comic book and call it sketchy comics. it then turned into a series of comic strips and put it on a website they were bad but it was fun and I still own the sketchy comics domain name.
I later got more into gaming throughout highschool and created design documents for many games such as wild west train heist game and that one top down shooter. I really hit a home run with my idea bones whisper which becam e its own small world for me to explore and it became a fun yet short demo I work on it periodically.
then we get to the part fo the history where I write the history for the website s oit gets kinda crazy. My demo of Bones Whisper was so good that everyone loved and i was able to recruit my epic team of gaming disciples the legendary few that had such talent and even bigger ego's we became 30% of the gaming industry after vince got gabe newell to get on board.
But as a super humble man I decided to make most of the work my self. But we are also a secret organization that secretly runs almost all game studios you name it we run it devolver, valve, rare, epic ( we lost control of them went fortnite came out so don't blame us), sony, team cheerry, nintendo, and the list goes on and on and on.
Now our history doesn't make sense and it's super unrealistic but since this will probalby never be read I doubt it makes a difference.

Our slogan you play it we probably own it. 

We are a company that secertly runs all good game studio's from teh inside with out you knowing until now of course. but all those bad games you have played we didn't make just the ones you like. I don't want to get into tthe nitty gritty deatails of how that works and how we run only good ones but hey im not going to give away company secerts.
Even if the the studio doesn't say they are run by us it's a lie they are still run by us they just may not know it. we have some of the best in the video game industry working for us. We try to excel in making you beleive we run the companies who make the games you love not any of the other games just the ones your love. In retrospect making it secret was a bad idea well I guess this is what this website is trying to solve.


 