
SOS

Sea of Stars is a turn-based RPG inspired by the classics. It tells the story of two Children of the Solstice who will combine
 the powers of the sun and moon to perform Eclipse Magic, the only force capable of fending off the monstrous creations of 
the evil alchemist known as The Fleshmancer.

Promising the Sabotage touch in every system, Sea of Stars aims to modernize the classic RPG in terms 
of turn-based combat, storytelling, exploration and interactions with the environment, 
while still offering a hearty slice of nostalgia and good old, simple fun.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/1244090/Sea_of_Stars/


HK
Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An epic action adventure through a vast ruined kingdom of
 insects and heroes. Explore twisting caverns,
 battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs, all in a classic, hand-drawn 2D style.

Hollow Knight is a classically styled 2D action adventure across a vast interconnected world.
 Explore twisting caverns, ancient cities and deadly wastes; battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs; 
and solve ancient mysteries at the kingdom's heart.




SL

Try the demo! A mix between Portal, Zelda and Metroid.
 Explore, solve puzzles, beat up monsters, find secret upgrades and new abilities that help 
you reach new places. Playtime 12-25h.

Supraland is a First-Person Metroidvania Puzzle game. The main sources of inspiration are Zelda, Metroid and Portal.
Supraland assumes that you are intelligent and lets you play independently. The story is minimal, gives you an
 overarching goal to pursue, and then sets you free. Despite child friendly visuals, the game targets experienced players.
 Playtime: ~12-25h

https://store.steampowered.com/app/813630/Supraland/

PO 
Portal™ is a new single player game from Valve. Set in the mysterious Aperture Science Laboratories, 
Portal has been called one of the most 
innovative new games on the horizon and will offer gamers hours of unique gameplay.

Portal™ is a new single player game from Valve. Set in the mysterious
 Aperture Science Laboratories, Portal has been called one of the most innovative new games on the horizon and will 
offer gamers hours of unique gameplay.

The game is designed to change the way players approach, manipulate, and surmise the possibilities in a 
given environment; similar to how Half-Life® 2's Gravity Gun innovated new ways to leverage an object in any given situation.

Players must solve physical puzzles and challenges by opening portals to 
maneuvering objects, and themselves, through space.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/400/Portal/

baba

Baba Is You is a puzzle game where the rules you have to follow are present as blocks you can interact with.
 By manipulating them, you can change how the game works, repurpose things you find in the levels and cause surprising 
interactions!

Baba Is You is an award-winning puzzle game where you can change the rules by which you play. In every level, the rules 
themselves are present as blocks you can interact with; by manipulating them, you can change how the level works and cause 
surprising, unexpected interactions! With some simple block-pushing you can turn yourself into a rock, turn patches of
 grass into dangerously hot obstacles, and even change the goal you need to reach to something entirely different.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/736260/Baba_Is_You/

sot

Sea of Thieves offers the essential pirate experience, from sailing and fighting to exploring and looting – 
everything you need to live the pirate life and become a legend in your own right. With no set roles, 
you have complete freedom to approach the world, and other players, however you choose.

Explore a vast open world filled with unspoiled islands, sunken ships and mysterious artefacts.
 Take on quests to hunt for lost treasure, seek out cursed Skeleton Captains or gather valuable cargo for the 
Trading Companies. 
Go hunting and fishing or choose from hundreds of optional goals and side-quests.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172620/Sea_of_Thieves/

tm

As a demon army besieges his village, a young ninja ventures through a cursed world,
 to deliver a scroll paramount to his clan’s survival. What begins as a classic action platformer soon unravels 
into an expansive 
time-traveling adventure full of thrills, surprises, and humor.

Dynamic, acrobatic gameplay and ultra tight controls worthy of an epic ninja adventure.

Character upgrades, new abilities, hidden levels, and branching paths to discover.

Meticulously designed 8-bit and 16-bit sprites, animations, and backgrounds in the spirit of the classics.

A memorable cast of offbeat villains, bosses, and associates.

Original soundtrack by renowned chiptune composer Rainbowdragoneyes, handmade using Famitracker.




td

Prepare the perfect heist in this simulated and fully destructible voxel world. Tear down walls
 with vehicles or explosives to create shortcuts. Stack objects to reach higher.
 Use the environment to your advantage in the most creative way you can think of.

Plan the perfect heist using creative problem solving, brute force, and everything around you. 
Teardown features a fully destructible and truly interactive environment where player freedom and emergent
 gameplay are the driving mechanics.

Tear down walls with explosives or vehicles to create shortcuts no one thought was possible. Stack objects,
 build structures, or use floating objects to your advantage. Take your time to create an efficient path through 
the level, plan the heist and get ready to execute it.

Run, jump, drive, slingshot. Do whatever you need to collect targets, avoid robots or steal whatever your clients 
ask for. But make sure not to get caught!

https://store.steampowered.com/app/1167630/Teardown/

sp

The Stanley Parable is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, 
and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. You will have a choice, 
you will have no choice. The game will end, the game will never end.
Contradiction follows contradiction, the rules of how games should work are broken, then broken again. This world was not made
 for you to understand.

But as you explore, slowly, meaning begins to arise, the paradoxes might start to make sense, perhaps you are powerful after 
all. The game is not here to fight you; it is inviting you to dance.

Based on the award-winning 2011 Source mod of the same name, The Stanley Parable returns with new content, new ideas, a
 fresh coat of visual paint, and the stunning voicework of Kevan Brighting. For a more complete and
 in-depth understanding of what The Stanley Parable is, please try out the free demo.

https://store.steampowered.com/app/221910/The_Stanley_Parable/

ow

Named Game of the Year 2019 by Giant Bomb, Polygon, Eurogamer, and The Guardian, Outer Wilds is a critically-acclaimed and 
award-winning open world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop.

Winner of Best Game at the 2020 BAFTA Games Awards and named Game of the Year 2019 by Giant Bomb, Polygon, Eurogamer, 
and The Guardian, Outer Wilds is a
 critically-acclaimed and award-winning open world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop.

Welcome to the Space Program!
You're the newest recruit of Outer Wilds Ventures, a fledgling space program searching for answers in a strange, constantly 
evolving solar system.


Mysteries of the Solar System...
What lurks in the heart of the ominous Dark Bramble? Who built the alien ruins on the Moon? Can the endless time loop be stopped?
 Answers await you in the most dangerous reaches of space.